=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 Braces

=over

=item * BraceBadLight

=item * BraceHighlight

=item * BraceMatch

=back

B<Summary>:

Brace highlighting is a very useful feature for programming and
HTML/XML editors, among others.

To use brace highlighting, one first calls BraceMatch to locate a
matching brace given the location of one brace. If a match is found
(BraceMatch return value E<lt>E<gt> wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION), then
BraceHighlight is used to highlight the two braces using the B<I<brace
highlighting style>> (style number 34).

If there is no matching brace (BraceMatch returns value =
wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION) then BraceBadLight can be used to highlight the
brace that is unmatched using the I<B<brace badlighting style>> (style
number 35)

When you're done using brace highlighting and want to remove it, use
BraceBadLight or BraceHighlight again, with the position or positions
set to wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION (wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION = -1). This will
remove the highlighting.

----

B<BraceBadLight(pos)>

Sets the style for the character at the position specified by the
integer B<pos> to style 35. Use pos = wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION to remove
the highlight. Returns None.

top

----

B<BraceHighlight(pos1,pos2)>

Sets the style for the characters at the positions specified by the
integers B<pos1> and B<pos2> to style 34. Use pos1 = pos2 =
wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION to remove the highlighting. Returns None.

top

----

B<BraceMatch(pos)>

This method finds a matching brace given the location of the first
brace. The integer object B<pos> is a position in the active document
where a brace exists. If there's no brace at that location or if no
matching brace can be found, the return value is wxSTC_INVALID_POSITION
(which = -1). Otherwise the return value is the position of the
matching brace.

The brace characters that can be matched are: B<( ) [ ] { } E<lt>
E<gt>>

A match only occurs if the style of the matching brace is the same as
the style of the starting brace or if the matching brace is beyond the
end of styling. Nested braces are handled correctly.

It's important to realize that this method does B<NOT> do any
highlighting, it just finds the matching brace.

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 4431 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:20 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
