=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Calltips

=over

=item * CallTipActive

=item * CallTipCancel

=item * CallTipPosAtStart

=item * CallTipSetBackground

=item * CallTipSetHighlight

=item * CallTipShow

=back

B<Summary>:

Calltips can be used to display the arguments to a function. Most
often, this is a nice feature to implement when the STC is used for
editing program or html/xml source code.

CallTipShow is used to set up and open the calltip window. As the user
types, the STC's container (i.e., your program) can highlight different
parts of the text displayed in the calltip window.

Calltips are automatically cancelled if an AutoCompShow sequence is
begun or if the ESCAPE key is pressed, or if ESCAPE is simulating with
CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_CANCEL).

Note that the STC's container has to set the highlighting within the
call-tip window by using CallTipSetHighlight as this is not
automatically performed by the STC itself.

----

B<CallTipActive()>

Returns true (nominally a '1') if the STC is in call-tip mode or false
(0) if not.

top

----

B<CallTipCancel()>

Destroys the calltip window and resets in internal call-tip mode flag
(so that CallTipActive() will return false). Returns None.

top

----

B<CallTipPosAtStart()>

Returns the position where the caret before the call-tip was displayed.

top

----

B<CallTipSetBackground(back)>

Sets the background color of the calltip window (default = white) to
the integer value B<back>. The B<back> value should be a RGB color
constant; e.g., 0xFFFFFF for white.

Returns None. top

----

B<CallTipSetHighlight(start,end)>

Highlight the call-tip text between the B<start> and B<end> positions
(both are integers). Note that position in this case refers to the
position in the definition string sent to CallTipShow(). Returns None.

top

----

B<CallTipShow(pos,definition)>

Show a calltip near (integer) position B<pos>. The B<definition> is a
string object. Note that the STC B<I<only>> supports \n as an EOL
character; you have to ensure that there's no \r in the string.

Returns None. top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 4633 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:20 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
