=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl.__init__ & .__repr__

B<Summary>:

The __init__ method is called when the STC object is created. It
returns an STC object instance.

The __repr__ method is used when the built-in function repr(stc_object)
is used. It returns a string.

----

B<wxStyledTextCtrl.__init__(parent,id,pos,size,style,name)>

B<Parameters and their types:>

I<B<parent>> = parent window. OBJECT

I<B<id>> = window ID constant. INTEGER. Use -1 for auto-generation, or
use wxNewId()

I<B<pos>> = initial position. wxPOINT. Use wxPyDefaultPosition or omit
if last kwarg

B<I<size>> = initial size. wxSIZE. Use wxPyDefaultSize or omit if last
kwarg

B<I<style>> = ORing of Window styles for the control. Long INTEGER.

Note: wxVSCROLL | wxHSCROLL | wxWANTS_CHARS | wxCLIP_CHILDREN are
always added

to whatever styles you pass to the __init__ method.

B<I<name>> = name of the control. STRING. This is not used by most
platforms.

Returns the STC instance.

B<Example:>

 from wxPython.stc import *
 
 class Editor(wxStyledTextCtrl):
 	wxStyledTextCtrl.__init__(self,wxNewId())
 	...

----

B<wxStyledTextCtrl.__repr__()>

Always returns a String object similar to:

E<lt>C wxStyledTextCtrl instance at ########E<gt>"

Where ######## is the hexadecimal address (id) of the object instance.

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 3657 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:36 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
# Deleting phrasal "a" element (`a_24) because it has super-phrasal elements (`p_16) as children.
# Deleting phrasal "a" element (`a_23) because it has super-phrasal elements (`p_6) as children.
