=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Keyboard action proxies

=over

=item * DelLineLeft

=item * DelLineRight

=item * HomeDisplay

=item * HomeDisplayExtend

=item * LineEndDisplay

=item * LineEndDisplayExtend

=item * WordPartLeft

=item * WordPartLeftExtend

=item * WordPartRight

=item * WordPartRightExtend

=back

B<Summary>:

Normally, if you want to programmatically execute a command that's
normally performed by a user pressing a key, you use CmdKeyExecute. For
some unknown reason, some of these forms have direct methods as shown
on this page.

For example,

 HomeDisplay()

rather than CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_HOMEDISPLAY).

----

B<DelLineLeft()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_DELLINELEFT). Returns None.

top

----

B<DelLineRight()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_DELLINERIGHT). Returns
None.

top

----

B<HomeDisplay()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_HOMEDISPLAY). Returns None.

top

----

B<HomeDisplayExtend()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_HOMEDISPLAYEXTEND). Returns
None.

top

----

B<LineEndDisplay()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_LINEENDDISPLAY). Returns
None.

top

----

B<LineEndDisplayExtend()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_LINEENDDISPLAYEXTEND).
Returns None.

top

----

B<WordPartLeft()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_WORDPARTLEFT). Returns
None.

top

----

B<WordPartLeftExtend()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_WORDPARTLEFTEXTEND).
Returns None.

top

----

B<WordPartRight()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_WORDPARTRIGHT). Returns
None.

top

----

B<WordPartRightExtend()>

Identical effect as CmdKeyExecute(wxSTC_CMD_WORDPARTRIGHTEXTEND).
Returns None.

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 4601 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:39 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
