=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Layout

=over

=item * GetLayoutCache

=item * GetWrapMode

=item * SetLayoutCache

=item * SetWrapMode

=back

B<Summary>:

Automatic line wrapping may be used to cause an automatic line break
when the text on a line becomes wider than the window width. This does
not affect the content of the line itself, just the display. The
wrapping mode is set with SetWrapMode.

The STC maintains an internal layout cache to speed redraws. The
SetLayoutCache method is used to control how this feature works.

----

B<GetLayoutCache()>

Returns an integer object with the value of the layout cache control
setting.

top

----

B<GetWrapMode()>

Returns an integer object with the value of the wrap mode setting.

top

----

B<SetLayoutCache(mode)>

Much of the time used by the STC is spent on laying out and drawing
text. The same text layout calculations may be performed many times
even when the data used in these calculations does not change. To avoid
these unnecessary calculations in some circumstances, the line layout
cache can store the results of the calculations. The cache in
invalidated whenever the underlying data, such as the contents or
styling of the document changes.

Caching the layout of the whole document has the most effect, making
dynamic line wrap as much as 20 times faster but this requires 7 times
the memory required by the document contents.

Values for the integer parameter B<mode>:

=over

=item * wxSTC_CACHE_NONE performs no caching and is the default.

=item * wxSTC_CACHE_CARET caches the layout information for the line
containing the caret.

=item * wxSTC_CACHE_PAGE caches the layout of the visible lines and the
caret line.

=item * wxSTC_CACHE_DOCUMENT caches the layout of the entire document.

=back

The return value is None.

top

----

B<SetWrapMode(mode)>

Sets the wrap mode to the value of the integer parameter B<mode>.
Possible values: wxSTC_WRAP_NONE (no wrapping) or wxSTC_WRAP_WORD
(wrapping). Returns None.

When the wrap mode is set to wxSTC_WRAP_WORD lines wider than the
window width are continued on the following lines. Lines are broken
after space or tab characters or between runs of different styles. If
this is not possible because a word in one style is wider than the
window then the break occurs before after the last character that
completely fits on the line. The horizontal scroll bar does not appear
when wrap mode is on.

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 4741 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:40 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
