=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Line Endings

=over

=item * ConvertEOLs

=item * GetEOLMode

=item * GetViewEOL

=item * SetEOLMode

=item * SetViewEOL

=back

B<Summary>:

The STC can use any of the three common EOL markers:

=over

=item * DOS, Windows : \r\n (or CRLF) (this is the default)

=item * UnixE<reg> : \n (or LF)

=item * AppleE<reg> Macintosh : \r (or CR)

=back

The selected line ending is inserted into the current position of the
active Document when the E<lt>ENTERE<gt> button is pressed on the
keyboard.

The SetEOLMode command allows you to change the line ending that's
used. The SetViewEOL command allows you to set whether or not line
endings are displayed in the STC display.

The ConvertEOLs command lets you change all of the line endings from
one type to another.

WxPython has three defined variables that act as constants to select or
test for the particular type of line endings:

 wxSTC_EOL_CR   : CR only
 wxSTC_EOL_CRLF : CRLF
 wxSTC_EOL_LF   : LF only

----

B<ConvertEOLs(eolMode)>

Goes thru the active document and does deletes and inserts as necessary
to convert whatever form of line ending currently exist to the type of
line ending set by the integer parameter B<eolMode>.

eolMode must be one of:

 wxSTC_EOL_CR   : CR only
 wxSTC_EOL_CRLF : CRLF
 wxSTC_EOL_LF   : LF only

Returns None.

top

----

B<GetEOLMode()>

Returns an integer with the current line ending mode. The return value
will be one of:

 wxSTC_EOL_CR   : CR only
 wxSTC_EOL_CRLF : CRLF
 wxSTC_EOL_LF   : LF only

It is important to note that this is only correct for the active
Document. See SetEOLMode.

top

----

B<GetViewEOL()>

Returns 1 if the view end-of-line mode is on or 0 if it is not.

top

----

B<SetEOLMode(eolMode)>

Sets the line ending mode for the active Document to the integer value
B<eolMode>. It is important to realize that this is B<NOT> a global
setting, but is done on a I<document-by-document basis>. When a new
document is created its internal EOL mode flag is set to LF only
(wxSTC_EOL_LF) if the OS is Unix or to CRLF (wxSTC_EOL_CRLF) otherwise
(this is a result of a compile-time #ifdef in the Scintilla code).

If you are concerned about cross-platform compatibility, you may wish
to programmatically set this every time a new Document is created.
Otherwise, if your app is run on a Mac the EOL mode will be set to
CRLF.

The values to use for eolMode are shown below:

 wxSTC_EOL_CR   : CR only
 wxSTC_EOL_CRLF : CRLF
 wxSTC_EOL_LF   : LF only

Returns None

top

----

B<SetViewEOL(visible)>

If you'd like to have the line endings visible, set the B<visible>
integer parameter to 1; to shut this off use visible = 0. You can
affect the way that the control characters are displayed with
SetControlCharSymbol, otherwise the control characters are displayed as
the ASCII mnenonics in a rounded rectangle or some similar appearance.
The style wxSTC_STYLE_CONTROLCHAR is used to draw control characters,
see Styling if you want to change, for example, the foreground and
background colors for the control character display.

Returns None

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 5725 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:42 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
