=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Long Line Indicators

=over

=item * GetEdgeColour

=item * GetEdgeColumn

=item * GetEdgeMode

=item * SetEdgeColour

=item * SetEdgeColumn

=item * SetEdgeMode

=back

B<Summary>:

You may wish to have your user see whether or not she is exceeding some
preset line length limit, without actually cutting off the text. The
methods in this section allow you to do this.

You set a threshold with SetEdgeColumn. You can choose to use a
vertical line or to display the remainder of the line with a background
color. Normally, both of these modes are off, and there's no
over-length indication. You set the color of the line or highlight with
SetEdgeColour.

WxPython has some defined variables you can use to pass in parameters
or test against return values:

 wxSTC_EDGE_BACKGROUND  : highlight the text of the rest of the line
 wxSTC_EDGE_LINE        : display vertical line at threshold
 wxSTC_EDGE_NONE        : inactive (default)

The Scintilla documentation states: "The vertical line works well for
monospaced fonts but not for proportional fonts which should use
EDGE_BACKGROUND." This author has found these long-line indicators to
be problematic in all cases, but this may not hold true for you.

----

B<GetEdgeColour()>

Retrieve the color used in edge indication. The returned value is a
wxColour.

top

----

B<GetEdgeColumn()>

Retrieve an integer with the column number which text should be kept
within.

top

----

B<GetEdgeMode()>

Returns an integer with the edge highlight mode.

 wxSTC_EDGE_BACKGROUND  : highlight the text of the rest of the line
 wxSTC_EDGE_LINE        : display vertical line at threshold
 wxSTC_EDGE_NONE        : inactive

top

----

B<SetEdgeColour(edgeColour)>

Sets the color to use for edge highlighting. The color value
B<edgeColour> must be a wxColour object, a #RRGGBB string, or a color
spec like "white". Return value is None.

top

----

B<SetEdgeColumn(column)>

The integer value B<column> sets the column threshold. Returns None.

top

----

B<SetEdgeMode(mode)>

Sets the edge mode. The default when the STC is instantiated is
wxSTC_EDGE_NONE, i.e., inactive. The integer value B<mode> is one of:

 wxSTC_EDGE_BACKGROUND  : highlight the text of the rest of the line
 wxSTC_EDGE_LINE        : display vertical line at threshold
 wxSTC_EDGE_NONE        : inactive

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 4984 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:43 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
