=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Printing

=over

=item * FormatRange

=item * GetPrintColourMode

=item * GetPrintMagnification

=item * SetPrintColourMode

=item * SetPrintMagnification

=back

B<Summary>:

Printing is a somewhat complex and seemingly platform-dependent
operation. At this time the contents of this section is somewhat
sketchy; an upgrade will come when the author has to implement
printing. One can also look at the SciTE editor sources (available from
the Scintilla website), specifically, C<win32/SciTEWinDlg.cxx> and the
Scintialla sources, specifically in Editor.cxx --
C<Editor::FormatRange>.

----

B<FormatRange(doDraw,startPos,endPos,draw,target,renderRect,pageRect)>

On Windows, FormatRange can be used to draw the text onto a display
context which can include a printer display context. The STC basically
does the same operations as when it draws the text on the screen, but
leaves out markers, line numbers, selection, and the caret as they
don't need to be printed. It will support printing the line number
margin, however. It internally copies all the margin setup information,
then zero-widths all symbol margins in the copy.

This method returns the last print position in the document. If
printing doesn't include the last line of the Document, then what's
returned is the start position of the line AFTER the last line printed.

The parameter B<doDraw> is an integer parameter; if zero, the
formatting operation doesn't actually occur. You still get the return
value, so this may be useful to measure what you're trying to print
before printing it.

The B<startPos> and B<endPos> parameters are integers that specify the
start and end positions to be printed. Internally, this is rounded off
to the nearest line.

B<draw> and B<target> are wxDC's (device contexts). You would probably
want to use printer device contexts here.

B<renderRect> and B<pageRect> are wxRects.

top

----

B<GetPrintColourMode()>

Returns an integer with the print color mode setting. See
SetPrintColourMode.

top

----

B<GetPrintMagnification()>

Returns an integer with the print magnification setting. See
SetPrintMagnification.

top

----

B<SetPrintColourMode(mode)>

The integer parameter B<mode> is used to adjust printing for certain
situations, and is one of:

 wxSTC_PRINT_BLACKONWHITE               To print color on a black&white printer
 wxSTC_PRINT_COLOURONWHITE              Forces background color to be white, useful for color printer
 wxSTC_PRINT_COLOURONWHITEDEFAULTBG     Same as COLOURONWHITE except for styles < 32 
 wxSTC_PRINT_INVERTLIGHT                use if black background is used on screen 
                                        to invert colors for better printing
 wxSTC_PRINT_NORMAL                     No special features									   

What occurs internally is that all style settings are modified as
specified by the B<mode> you select. For more information see
formatRange in Scintilla's Editor.cxx.

This method returns None.

top

----

B<SetPrintMagnification(magnification)>

This method allows you to print at a smaller or larger size than would
be drawn on the screen. The integer parameter B<magnification>
specifies how many points to add to each style. Negative sizes may be
used (e.g., -3). Returns None.

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 5800 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:51 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
