=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - Searching

=over

=item * FindText

=item * SearchAnchor

=item * SearchNext

=item * SearchPrev

=back

B<Summary>:

The methods in this section allow you to search the text of the active
Document. FindText is a straightforward search, while SearchNext and
SearchPrev provide relocatable search support, as discussed below.

You should also examine the STC's target-based searching features.

FindText, SearchNext, and SearchPrev use flags to control the search:

=over

=item * wxSTC_FIND_WHOLEWORD: a match occurs only if the characters
before and after the match are not word characters

=item * wxSTC_FIND_MATCHCASE: a match occurs only if the case of the
search string and the candidate string match.

=item * wxSTC_FIND_WORDSTART: a match occurs if the character before is
not a word character.

=item * wxSTC_FIND_REGEXP: a simple regular-expression search: see
Regular Expression Searches for more info.

=back

From the Scintilla documentation.

SearchNext and SearchPrev provide relocatable search support. This
allows multiple incremental interactive searches to be macro recorded
while still setting the selection to found text so the find/select
operation is self-contained. These three messages send a
EVT_STC_MACRORECORD event if macro recording is enabled.

SearchAnchor sets the search start point used by SearchNext and
SearchPrev to the start of the current selection, that is, the end of
the selection that is nearer to the start of the document. You should
always call SearchAnchor before calling either of SearchNext or
SearchPrev.

SearchNext and SearchPrev search for the next and previous occurance of
the zero terminated search string pointed at by text. The search is
modified by the searchFlags. If you request a regular expression,
SearchPrev finds the first occurance of the seach string in the
document, not the previous one before the anchor point.

The return value is -1 if nothing is found, otherwise the return value
is the start position of the matching text. The selection is updated to
show the matched text, but is not scrolled into view.

----

B<FindText(minPos,maxPos,text,flags)>

FindText performs a straightforward text search through the entire
document. The B<minPos> and B<maxPos> integer arguments specify the
range within the Document to search. No surprise, the B<text> argument
is a string object containing the string to search for. The B<flags>
argument controls the search, and is an OR or the flags shown at the
beginning of this page.

You can set maxPos less than minPos to search in reverse, except that
if wxSTC_FIND_REGEXP is one of the flags then the search is always
forwards.

Returns the start position of the found text, or -1 if it isn't found.
Unlike the 'raw' Scintilla version of this method, wxPython does not
return the start and end positions of the found text.

top

----

B<SearchAnchor()>

Set the selection to be used for SeachNext and SearchPrev. See the
discussion about this at the top of the page. Returns None.

top

----

B<SearchNext(flags,text)>

Search for the next occurrence of the text specified by the string
object B<text> starting at the point set by SearchAnchor. Search modes
are set by the integer parameter B<flags>. Returns start position of
found text, or -1 if nothing found. See above discusssion.

top

----

B<SearchPrev(flags,text)>

Search for the previous occurrence of the text specified by the string
object B<text> starting at the point set by SearchAnchor. Search modes
are set by the integer parameter B<flags>. Returns start position of
found text, or -1 if nothing found. See above discusssion.

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 6312 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:29:55 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
