=pod

PyFrame Guide to wxPython

Copyright and License information Home

__ A B C D E F G H I L M P R S T U V W

=head1 wxStyledTextCtrl - White Space

=over

=item * GetViewWhiteSpace

=item * SetViewWhiteSpace

=item * SetWhitespaceBackground

=item * SetWhitespaceForeground

=back

B<Summary>:

The B<Whitespace> methods are used to control whether or not white
space is visible and what its foreground and background colors are.

WxPython defines three 'constants' to control whitespace visibility:

 wxSTC_WS_INVISIBLE                      Duh, white space isn't shown
 wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEALWAYS                  White space is drawn as dots, tabs as arrows
 wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEAFTERINDENT             Dots/arrows only shown after the first visible character

----

B<GetViewWhiteSpace()>

Returns an integer describing the white space mode: one of
wxSTC_WS_INVISIBLE, wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEALWAYS, or
wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEAFTERINDENT.

top

----

B<SetViewWhiteSpace(viewWs)>

The white space mode is set to the value provided as the integer
parameter B<viewWs>. The parameter is one of wxSTC_WS_INVISIBLE,
wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEALWAYS, or wxSTC_WS_VISIBLEAFTERINDENT. Returns None.

top

----

B<SetWhitespaceBackground(useSetting, back)>

B<SetWhitespaceForeground(useSetting, fore)>

These two methods allow you to override the color of visible
whitespace. Usually this is controlled by the lexer, but you can
override it.

The B<useSetting> parameter is an integer that's 1 to override the
lexer or 0 to return to the lexer's control. When useSetting=0 then the
value of back or fore is ignored.

The parameters B<back> and B<fore> are a wxColour object, a #RRGGBB
string, or a color spec like "white".

top

----

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 3864 bytes of input
#Mon Jun 20 17:30:08 2011 
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# No a_href switch not specified, so will not try to render <a href='...'>
